README.md, before:

# shoo

A CLI utility for managing GitHub notifications with configurable filtering rules.

## Installation

TODO: Write installation instructions here

## Usage

```bash
# Filter notifications based on your configuration
shoo notification purge
```

## Configuration

Create `~/.config/shoo/config.yml`:

```yaml
github:
  token: "your_github_token_here"  # Optional, can use SHOO_GITHUB_TOKEN env variable instead

notifications:
  purge:
    # Global rules (apply to all repos unless overridden)
    global:
      unsubscribe: true # whether to unsubscribe from the notification so it never doesn't come back, default: false
      keep_if:
        author_in_teams: ["core-team", "security-team"]
        authors: ["DanielGilchrist", "trusted-maintainer"]
        mentioned: false

    # Repo-specific rules (override global)
    repos:
      "my-org/critical-repo":
        keep_if:
          author_in_teams: ["core-team"]
          mentioned: true

      "my-org/experimental-repo":
        keep_if:
          authors: ["DanielGilchrist"]
```

## How it works

Shoo will always keep notifications for:
- PRs/issues you authored (`reason="author"`)

Additionally, it will keep notifications from PRs/issues where:
- The author is in your `authors` list
- The author is a member of teams listed in `author_in_teams`
- You were mentioned and `mentioned: true` is set
- You have manually subscribed to the notification

All other notifications (like CI activity, comments from irrelevant users) will be marked for purging.

## Development

TODO: Write development instructions here

## Contributing

1. Fork it (<https://github.com/your-github-user/shoo/fork>)
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## Contributors

- [Daniel Gilchrist](https://github.com/your-github-user) - creator and maintainer

Commit message:

Allow custom ENV var for token

README.md, after:

# shoo

A CLI utility for managing GitHub notifications with configurable filtering rules.

## Installation

TODO: Write installation instructions here

## Usage

```bash
# Filter notifications based on your configuration
shoo notification purge
```

## Configuration

Create `~/.config/shoo/config.yml`:

```yaml
github:
  token: "your_github_token_here"  # Optional, can provide a custom ENV variable with your token or just set SHOO_GITHUB_TOKEN

notifications:
  purge:
    # Global rules (apply to all repos unless overridden)
    global:
      unsubscribe: true # whether to unsubscribe from the notification so it never doesn't come back, default: false
      keep_if:
        author_in_teams: ["core-team", "security-team"]
        authors: ["DanielGilchrist", "trusted-maintainer"]
        mentioned: false

    # Repo-specific rules (override global)
    repos:
      "my-org/critical-repo":
        keep_if:
          author_in_teams: ["core-team"]
          mentioned: true

      "my-org/experimental-repo":
        keep_if:
          authors: ["DanielGilchrist"]
```

## How it works

Shoo will always keep notifications for:
- PRs/issues you authored (`reason="author"`)

Additionally, it will keep notifications from PRs/issues where:
- The author is in your `authors` list
- The author is a member of teams listed in `author_in_teams`
- You were mentioned and `mentioned: true` is set
- You have manually subscribed to the notification

All other notifications (like CI activity, comments from irrelevant users) will be marked for purging.

## Development

TODO: Write development instructions here

## Contributing

1. Fork it (<https://github.com/your-github-user/shoo/fork>)
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## Contributors

- [Daniel Gilchrist](https://github.com/your-github-user) - creator and maintainer
